README.md, before:

# AngularJS sandbox escape/bypass scanner

**Under development**

*Automated client-side template injection (CSTI) detection for AngularJS!*

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](LICENSE.md)

## Dependencies
* Python 3: https://www.python.org/downloads/
* BeautifulSoup: `pip install -U beautifulsoup4`
* Selenium: `pip install -U selenium`
* Colorama: `pip install -U colorama`

## Usage

### Options
`python angular.py [options]`
* `-u <uri>`,      `--uri=<uri>`              (required)        The hostname or URL to run the exploit on (e.g. https://www.example.ltd/).
* `-v`,            `--verify`                 (optional)        Extra check by a JavaScript engine to ensure the payload is executed.
* `-c`,            `--crawl`                  (optional)        Crawl & test all available URL's on the hostname of the given URL.
* `-q`,            `--quit-if-vulnerable`     (optional)        Stop testing if a vulnerable URL was found.
* `-h`,            `--help`                   (optional)        Print this help message.

### Examples

**Print a help message:**

`python angular.py --help`

**Check a single URI:**

`python angular.py --uri="http://example.ltd/some/page?test1=a&test2=b&test3=c"`

**Check a single URI and use a JavaScript engine to ensure the alert really pops:**

`python angular.py --uri="http://example.ltd/some/page?test1=a&test2=b&test3=c" --verify`

**Crawl the whole website and check all URI's for AngularJS sandbox escape:**

`python angular.py --uri="http://example.ltd/" --crawl`

**Stop checking all the URI's if a vulnerable was found:**

`python angular.py --uri="http://example.ltd/" --crawl --quit-if-vulnerable`

## ToDo

1. Add a payload for AngularJS v1.3.0.
2. Add a payload for AngularJS v1.5.9 to v1.5.11.
3. Add the crawler functionality.
4. Use Selenium headless.
5. Add docblocks for all methods.
6. Catch Selenium exceptions.

Commit message:

Implemented first version of the crawler.

README.md, after:

# AngularJS sandbox escape/bypass scanner

**Under development**

*Automated client-side template injection (CSTI) detection for AngularJS!*

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](LICENSE.md)

## Dependencies
* Python 3: https://www.python.org/downloads/
* BeautifulSoup: `pip install -U beautifulsoup4`
* Selenium: `pip install -U selenium`
* Colorama: `pip install -U colorama`
* Html5Lib: `pip install -U html5lib`

## Usage

### Options
`python angular.py [options]`
* `-u <uri>`,      `--uri=<uri>`              (required)        The hostname or URL to run the exploit on (e.g. https://www.example.ltd/).
* `-v`,            `--verify`                 (optional)        Extra check by a JavaScript engine to ensure the payload is executed.
* `-c`,            `--crawl`                  (optional)        Crawl & test all available URL's on the hostname of the given URL.
* `-q`,            `--quit-if-vulnerable`     (optional)        Stop testing if a vulnerable URL was found.
* `-h`,            `--help`                   (optional)        Print this help message.

### Examples

**Print a help message:**

`python angular.py --help`

**Check a single URI:**

`python angular.py --uri="http://example.ltd/some/page?test1=a&test2=b&test3=c"`

**Check a single URI and use a JavaScript engine to ensure the alert really pops:**

`python angular.py --uri="http://example.ltd/some/page?test1=a&test2=b&test3=c" --verify`

**Crawl the whole website and check all URI's for AngularJS sandbox escape:**

`python angular.py --uri="http://example.ltd/" --crawl`

**Stop checking all the URI's if a vulnerable was found:**

`python angular.py --uri="http://example.ltd/" --crawl --quit-if-vulnerable`

## ToDo

1. Add a payload for AngularJS v1.3.0.
2. Add a payload for AngularJS v1.5.9 to v1.5.11.
3. Use Selenium headless (maybe using PhantomJS).
4. Add docblocks for all methods.
5. Add support for cookies and basic auth.
6. Add support for custom user agents.
7. Add support for POST forms/requests.
8. Add support for SEO uri injection.
